Analytics Engine function additions (#6094)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/analytics/analytics-engine/sql-reference.md

Usage:
```SQL
COUNT()
COUNT(DISTINCT column_name)
```

Count is an aggregation function that returns the number of rows in each group or results set.

Count can also be used to count the number of distinct (unique) values in each column:

Example:
```SQL
-- return the total number of rows

> COUNT(item_cost)

Reviewer: The usage suggest the options are empty brackets, or DISTINCT?
```suggestion
COUNT()
```

> -- return the number of unique item costs

Reviewer: How about `COUNT(DISTINCT product_variety` (counts the number of distinct product types). Or something.
I think counting distinct costs could be a confusing/unlikely thing to want to do.

Author: I've run queries like that before but yeah it's hard to describe a usecase briefly. I'll go with your idea 👍🏻

Author: Pushed up a commit that should help a bit

COUNT(DISTINCT item_cost)
```

### SUM

Usage:
```SQL
SUM([DISTINCT] column_name)
```

> Sum is an aggregation function that returns the sum of column values across all rows in each group or results set. Sum also supports `DISTINCT`, and then it will only sum the unique values in the column.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Sum is an aggregation function that returns the sum of column values across all rows in each group or results set. Sum also supports `DISTINCT`, but in this case it will only sum the unique values in the column.
```

Example:
```SQL
-- return the total cost of all items
SUM(item_cost)
-- return the total of all unique item costs
SUM(DISTINCT item_cost)
```

### AVG

Usage:
```SQL
AVG([DISTINCT] column_name)
```

> Avg is an aggregation function that returns the mean of column values across all rows in each group or results set. Avg also supports `DISTINCT`, and then it will only average the unique values in the column.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Avg is an aggregation function that returns the mean of column values across all rows in each group or results set. Avg also supports `DISTINCT`, but in this case it will only average the unique values in the column.
```
